[main]
host = https://www.transifex.com
lang_map = uz: uz_UZ, sw: sw_SW, sr@latin: sr_RS

[DigitalProspects.accountancy]
file_filter = htdocs/langs/<lang>/accountancy.lang
source_file = htdocs/langs/en_US/accountancy.lang
source_lang = en_US
type = MOZILLAPROPERTIES

[DigitalProspects.admin]
file_filter = htdocs/langs/<lang>/admin.lang
source_file = htdocs/langs/en_US/admin.lang
source_lang = en_US
type = MOZILLAPROPERTIES

[DigitalProspects.agenda]
file_filter = htdocs/langs/<lang>/agenda.lang
source_file = htdocs/langs/en_US/agenda.lang
source_lang = en_US
type = MOZILLAPROPERTIES

[DigitalProspects.assets]
file_filter = htdocs/langs/<lang>/assets.lang
source_file = htdocs/langs/en_US/assets.lang
source_lang = en_US
type = MOZILLAPROPERTIES

[DigitalProspects.banks]
file_filter = htdocs/langs/<lang>/banks.lang
source_file = htdocs/langs/en_US/banks.lang
source_lang = en_US
type = MOZILLAPROPERTIES

[DigitalProspects.bills]
file_filter = htdocs/langs/<lang>/bills.lang
source_file = htdocs/langs/en_US/bills.lang
source_lang = en_US
type = MOZILLAPROPERTIES

[DigitalProspects.blockedlog]
file_filter = htdocs/langs/<lang>/blockedlog.lang
source_file = htdocs/langs/en_US/blockedlog.lang
source_lang = en_US
type = MOZILLAPROPERTIES

[DigitalProspects.bookmarks]
file_filter = htdocs/langs/<lang>/bookmarks.lang
source_file = htdocs/langs/en_US/bookmarks.lang
source_lang = en_US
type = MOZILLAPROPERTIES

[DigitalProspects.boxes]
file_filter = htdocs/langs/<lang>/boxes.lang
source_file = htdocs/langs/en_US/boxes.lang
source_lang = en_US
type = MOZILLAPROPERTIES

[DigitalProspects.cashdesk]
file_filter = htdocs/langs/<lang>/cashdesk.lang
source_file = htdocs/langs/en_US/cashdesk.lang
source_lang = en_US
type = MOZILLAPROPERTIES

[DigitalProspects.categories]
file_filter = htdocs/langs/<lang>/categories.lang
source_file = htdocs/langs/en_US/categories.lang
source_lang = en_US
type = MOZILLAPROPERTIES

[DigitalProspects.commercial]
file_filter = htdocs/langs/<lang>/commercial.lang
source_file = htdocs/langs/en_US/commercial.lang
source_lang = en_US
type = MOZILLAPROPERTIES

[DigitalProspects.companies]
file_filter = htdocs/langs/<lang>/companies.lang
source_file = htdocs/langs/en_US/companies.lang
source_lang = en_US
type = MOZILLAPROPERTIES

[DigitalProspects.compta]
file_filter = htdocs/langs/<lang>/compta.lang
source_file = htdocs/langs/en_US/compta.lang
source_lang = en_US
type = MOZILLAPROPERTIES

[DigitalProspects.contracts]
file_filter = htdocs/langs/<lang>/contracts.lang
source_file = htdocs/langs/en_US/contracts.lang
source_lang = en_US
type = MOZILLAPROPERTIES

[DigitalProspects.cron]
file_filter = htdocs/langs/<lang>/cron.lang
source_file = htdocs/langs/en_US/cron.lang
source_lang = en_US
type = MOZILLAPROPERTIES

[DigitalProspects.deliveries]
file_filter = htdocs/langs/<lang>/deliveries.lang
source_file = htdocs/langs/en_US/deliveries.lang
source_lang = en_US
type = MOZILLAPROPERTIES

[DigitalProspects.dict]
file_filter = htdocs/langs/<lang>/dict.lang
source_file = htdocs/langs/en_US/dict.lang
source_lang = en_US
type = MOZILLAPROPERTIES

[DigitalProspects.donations]
file_filter = htdocs/langs/<lang>/donations.lang
source_file = htdocs/langs/en_US/donations.lang
source_lang = en_US
type = MOZILLAPROPERTIES

[DigitalProspects.ecm]
file_filter = htdocs/langs/<lang>/ecm.lang
source_file = htdocs/langs/en_US/ecm.lang
source_lang = en_US
type = MOZILLAPROPERTIES

[DigitalProspects.errors]
file_filter = htdocs/langs/<lang>/errors.lang
source_file = htdocs/langs/en_US/errors.lang
source_lang = en_US
type = MOZILLAPROPERTIES

[DigitalProspects.exports]
file_filter = htdocs/langs/<lang>/exports.lang
source_file = htdocs/langs/en_US/exports.lang
source_lang = en_US
type = MOZILLAPROPERTIES

[DigitalProspects.externalsite]
file_filter = htdocs/langs/<lang>/externalsite.lang
source_file = htdocs/langs/en_US/externalsite.lang
source_lang = en_US
type = MOZILLAPROPERTIES

[DigitalProspects.ftp]
file_filter = htdocs/langs/<lang>/ftp.lang
source_file = htdocs/langs/en_US/ftp.lang
source_lang = en_US
type = MOZILLAPROPERTIES

[DigitalProspects.help]
file_filter = htdocs/langs/<lang>/help.lang
source_file = htdocs/langs/en_US/help.lang
source_lang = en_US
type = MOZILLAPROPERTIES

[DigitalProspects.holiday]
file_filter = htdocs/langs/<lang>/holiday.lang
source_file = htdocs/langs/en_US/holiday.lang
source_lang = en_US
type = MOZILLAPROPERTIES

[DigitalProspects.hrm]
file_filter = htdocs/langs/<lang>/hrm.lang
source_file = htdocs/langs/en_US/hrm.lang
source_lang = en_US
type = MOZILLAPROPERTIES

[DigitalProspects.install]
file_filter = htdocs/langs/<lang>/install.lang
source_file = htdocs/langs/en_US/install.lang
source_lang = en_US
type = MOZILLAPROPERTIES

[DigitalProspects.interventions]
file_filter = htdocs/langs/<lang>/interventions.lang
source_file = htdocs/langs/en_US/interventions.lang
source_lang = en_US
type = MOZILLAPROPERTIES

[DigitalProspects.languages-not-res]
file_filter = htdocs/langs/<lang>/languages.lang
source_file = htdocs/langs/en_US/languages.lang
source_lang = en_US
type = MOZILLAPROPERTIES

[DigitalProspects.ldap]
file_filter = htdocs/langs/<lang>/ldap.lang
source_file = htdocs/langs/en_US/ldap.lang
source_lang = en_US
type = MOZILLAPROPERTIES

[DigitalProspects.link]
file_filter = htdocs/langs/<lang>/link.lang
source_file = htdocs/langs/en_US/link.lang
source_lang = en_US
type = MOZILLAPROPERTIES

[DigitalProspects.loan]
file_filter = htdocs/langs/<lang>/loan.lang
source_file = htdocs/langs/en_US/loan.lang
source_lang = en_US
type = MOZILLAPROPERTIES

[DigitalProspects.mailmanspip]
file_filter = htdocs/langs/<lang>/mailmanspip.lang
source_file = htdocs/langs/en_US/mailmanspip.lang
source_lang = en_US
type = MOZILLAPROPERTIES

[DigitalProspects.mails]
file_filter = htdocs/langs/<lang>/mails.lang
source_file = htdocs/langs/en_US/mails.lang
source_lang = en_US
type = MOZILLAPROPERTIES

[DigitalProspects.main]
file_filter = htdocs/langs/<lang>/main.lang
source_file = htdocs/langs/en_US/main.lang
source_lang = en_US
type = MOZILLAPROPERTIES

[DigitalProspects.margins]
file_filter = htdocs/langs/<lang>/margins.lang
source_file = htdocs/langs/en_US/margins.lang
source_lang = en_US
type = MOZILLAPROPERTIES

[DigitalProspects.members]
file_filter = htdocs/langs/<lang>/members.lang
source_file = htdocs/langs/en_US/members.lang
source_lang = en_US
type = MOZILLAPROPERTIES

[DigitalProspects.modulebuilder]
file_filter = htdocs/langs/<lang>/modulebuilder.lang
source_file = htdocs/langs/en_US/modulebuilder.lang
source_lang = en_US
type = MOZILLAPROPERTIES

[DigitalProspects.mrp]
file_filter = htdocs/langs/<lang>/mrp.lang
source_file = htdocs/langs/en_US/mrp.lang
source_lang = en_US
type = MOZILLAPROPERTIES

[DigitalProspects.multicurrency]
file_filter = htdocs/langs/<lang>/multicurrency.lang
source_file = htdocs/langs/en_US/multicurrency.lang
source_lang = en_US
type = MOZILLAPROPERTIES

[DigitalProspects.oauth]
file_filter = htdocs/langs/<lang>/oauth.lang
source_file = htdocs/langs/en_US/oauth.lang
source_lang = en_US
type = MOZILLAPROPERTIES

[DigitalProspects.opensurvey]
file_filter = htdocs/langs/<lang>/opensurvey.lang
source_file = htdocs/langs/en_US/opensurvey.lang
source_lang = en_US
type = MOZILLAPROPERTIES

[DigitalProspects.orders]
file_filter = htdocs/langs/<lang>/orders.lang
source_file = htdocs/langs/en_US/orders.lang
source_lang = en_US
type = MOZILLAPROPERTIES

[DigitalProspects.other]
file_filter = htdocs/langs/<lang>/other.lang
source_file = htdocs/langs/en_US/other.lang
source_lang = en_US
type = MOZILLAPROPERTIES

[DigitalProspects.paybox]
file_filter = htdocs/langs/<lang>/paybox.lang
source_file = htdocs/langs/en_US/paybox.lang
source_lang = en_US
type = MOZILLAPROPERTIES

[DigitalProspects.paypal]
file_filter = htdocs/langs/<lang>/paypal.lang
source_file = htdocs/langs/en_US/paypal.lang
source_lang = en_US
type = MOZILLAPROPERTIES

[DigitalProspects.printing]
file_filter = htdocs/langs/<lang>/printing.lang
source_file = htdocs/langs/en_US/printing.lang
source_lang = en_US
type = MOZILLAPROPERTIES

[DigitalProspects.productbatch]
file_filter = htdocs/langs/<lang>/productbatch.lang
source_file = htdocs/langs/en_US/productbatch.lang
source_lang = en_US
type = MOZILLAPROPERTIES

[DigitalProspects.products]
file_filter = htdocs/langs/<lang>/products.lang
source_file = htdocs/langs/en_US/products.lang
source_lang = en_US
type = MOZILLAPROPERTIES

[DigitalProspects.projects]
file_filter = htdocs/langs/<lang>/projects.lang
source_file = htdocs/langs/en_US/projects.lang
source_lang = en_US
type = MOZILLAPROPERTIES

[DigitalProspects.propal]
file_filter = htdocs/langs/<lang>/propal.lang
source_file = htdocs/langs/en_US/propal.lang
source_lang = en_US
type = MOZILLAPROPERTIES

[DigitalProspects.receiptprinter]
file_filter = htdocs/langs/<lang>/receiptprinter.lang
source_file = htdocs/langs/en_US/receiptprinter.lang
source_lang = en_US
type = MOZILLAPROPERTIES

[DigitalProspects.receptions]
file_filter = htdocs/langs/<lang>/receptions.lang
source_file = htdocs/langs/en_US/receptions.lang
source_lang = en_US
type = MOZILLAPROPERTIES

[DigitalProspects.resource]
file_filter = htdocs/langs/<lang>/resource.lang
source_file = htdocs/langs/en_US/resource.lang
source_lang = en_US
type = MOZILLAPROPERTIES

[DigitalProspects.salaries]
file_filter = htdocs/langs/<lang>/salaries.lang
source_file = htdocs/langs/en_US/salaries.lang
source_lang = en_US
type = MOZILLAPROPERTIES

[DigitalProspects.sendings]
file_filter = htdocs/langs/<lang>/sendings.lang
source_file = htdocs/langs/en_US/sendings.lang
source_lang = en_US
type = MOZILLAPROPERTIES

[DigitalProspects.sms]
file_filter = htdocs/langs/<lang>/sms.lang
source_file = htdocs/langs/en_US/sms.lang
source_lang = en_US
type = MOZILLAPROPERTIES

[DigitalProspects.stocks]
file_filter = htdocs/langs/<lang>/stocks.lang
source_file = htdocs/langs/en_US/stocks.lang
source_lang = en_US
type = MOZILLAPROPERTIES

[DigitalProspects.stripe]
file_filter = htdocs/langs/<lang>/stripe.lang
source_file = htdocs/langs/en_US/stripe.lang
source_lang = en_US
type = MOZILLAPROPERTIES

[DigitalProspects.suppliers]
file_filter = htdocs/langs/<lang>/suppliers.lang
source_file = htdocs/langs/en_US/suppliers.lang
source_lang = en_US
type = MOZILLAPROPERTIES

[DigitalProspects.supplier_proposal]
file_filter = htdocs/langs/<lang>/supplier_proposal.lang
source_file = htdocs/langs/en_US/supplier_proposal.lang
source_lang = en_US
type = MOZILLAPROPERTIES

[DigitalProspects.ticket]
file_filter = htdocs/langs/<lang>/ticket.lang
source_file = htdocs/langs/en_US/ticket.lang
source_lang = en_US
type = MOZILLAPROPERTIES

[DigitalProspects.trips]
file_filter = htdocs/langs/<lang>/trips.lang
source_file = htdocs/langs/en_US/trips.lang
source_lang = en_US
type = MOZILLAPROPERTIES

[DigitalProspects.users]
file_filter = htdocs/langs/<lang>/users.lang
source_file = htdocs/langs/en_US/users.lang
source_lang = en_US
type = MOZILLAPROPERTIES

[DigitalProspects.website]
file_filter = htdocs/langs/<lang>/website.lang
source_file = htdocs/langs/en_US/website.lang
source_lang = en_US
type = MOZILLAPROPERTIES

[DigitalProspects.withdrawals]
file_filter = htdocs/langs/<lang>/withdrawals.lang
source_file = htdocs/langs/en_US/withdrawals.lang
source_lang = en_US
type = MOZILLAPROPERTIES

[DigitalProspects.workflow]
file_filter = htdocs/langs/<lang>/workflow.lang
source_file = htdocs/langs/en_US/workflow.lang
source_lang = en_US
type = MOZILLAPROPERTIES

[DigitalProspects.zapier]
file_filter = htdocs/langs/<lang>/zapier.lang
source_file = htdocs/langs/en_US/zapier.lang
source_lang = en_US
type = MOZILLAPROPERTIES

